well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
dog whistles we're running into him a
lot all over the place certainly on the
internet they're even in government and
government seems powerless to stop it
any kind i mean if no government is best
then well maybe no government is best
anyway dog whistles are statements that
give the speaker possible deniability
they could say oh no no no that's not
what I meant
that is not what I meant I didn't I
didn't mean that you're taking that the
wrong way and then they start to
Gaslight you look at you you're seeing
racist everywhere that's not what I was
saying that's crazy
but even though they can deny it to a
certain subset of people well they heard
it and they know what it means because
it's a core belief of that ideology it's
something that really really matters to
that group I use dog whistles all the
time in my videos constantly I don't use
racist dog whistles but I use dog
whistles to other groups I used one
already in this video now when the
average person hears you know if no
government is best then no government is
best what they hear is well there's no
perfect government right to a certain
subset of people if no government is
best well then no government is best
it's a dog whistle to people who believe
in a stateless society because it's
better not to have a government that's
how dog whistles work odds are you
didn't even hear that but it was there
and there were people in these comment
sections I'm certain that hurt it that's
how they work so first you have to be
able to identify them and some of them
are very very obvious and we're gonna
use some of those as examples but you
treat them the same way you treat a
racist joke I don't get it explain it to
me and force them to drag it out and
explain it you focus on nothing else in
that comment when you see one or you
hear one you don't address any
you zero in on that dog whistle I don't
know what is a global list because then
they have only a few options they can
pretend they don't know which nobody on
the Internet admits they don't know
something or they can come up with an
alternate meaning or they can own it
those are the options but either way
doesn't matter because you don't let it
go you continually hammer on that one
statement and get them to address that
one thing a really common one is well
you know black people are responsible
for a disproportionate amount of murders
in the US okay so why is that important
well I just said that they're they're
responsible so their skin tone makes
them kill is that what you're saying and
you just force it drag it out I mean
that doesn't really make sense I mean
unless you're actually saying that black
people are subhuman I mean that's
certainly not what you're saying right
and by this point they can't Gaslight
you anymore
they can't pretend that's not what
they're talking about because they've
already hit that they've already gone
too far you can expose them and then you
can expose the propaganda because most
of these dog whistles are like that
there's no nuance there are very simple
pillars though there's something that
everybody in that community recognizes
and if you can destroy it well then not
the person you're talking to but
everybody else in the comment section
sees it everybody who heard that dog
whistle who might be starting to believe
that can start to identify it for the
bunk that it is you know by that same
data set people with brown eyes are
responsible for a disproportionate
amount of murder should we base policy
on that is that a reason to develop a
prejudice it's a spurious correlation it
obviously skin tone or eye color doesn't
relate to whether or not you're more
likely to be a murderer
stupid that's like saying your
astrological sign determines whether or
not you're going to be a killer so you
drag that out and then you go further
with it and you point out that you know
I mean if you're gonna use statistics
you at least need a complete data set
and this is a complete data set it came
from the Department of Justice yeah but
what's it what's one of the statistics
of cleared murder cases not all murder
cases so it actually stand to reason
that the people that are better at crime
or the people that aren't on it because
well it only focuses on a very small
group smokers focuses on those that were
clear back those cases and get ready to
not sleep at night I know that because
of CSI and shows like that her but he
thinks that the murder or the clearance
rate for murders is really high in
reality it's like fifty to sixty percent
forty the 50% of murders go unsolved but
it's even worse than that really because
that only includes murders were an
investigation started if the person just
became a missing person it's not figured
in at all let me ask you this going by
stereotypes who is most likely to be
able to make a body disappear what do
they look like where do they live what
do they sound like me right I mean let's
be honest
hillbillies rednecks I mean that is what
it is though those are the people that
are most likely to be able to make a
body just disappear and you know when
you bring this up what you get is well
you know you're saying all of this but
it's in their culture it's in their
music that's the one that always follows
it up really you know I learned a thing
or two from Charlie don't you know you
better stay away from Copperhead Road
Steve Earle now I granted he is outlaw
country this is not mainstream that song
is about booby-trapping pop pills to
kill DEA agents it's really what it's
about
she can't really count him though is
he's not really mainstream but what
about the wall man fat said he found
some tracks he went up there looking and
he never come back
that's Montgomery Gentry pretty
mainstream not just is it talking about
murdering somebody it's talking about
killing a cop and disposing of the body
so it's not found criminality there it
is it's throughout country music with
you in that tarp because Earl had to die
mainstream now I know country music
disowned them because they spoke out
against a Republican but it was their
just take him to the knee or take him to
the swamp or take that rascal out the
swamp knocking to their knees and time
to a stump let the Rattlers and the bugs
and the alligators do the rest does not
get more mainstream than Charlie Daniels
murder and disposing of the body well I
wonder where that Louisiana Sheriff went
to Jerry Reed murder of a cop and
disposing of the body it's a pretty
common theme actually but I guess it's
just in our culture right and I know
right now there's a whole lot of
rednecks and Hillbillies out there going
well you know in almost all those cases
that was really justified I mean they
real I mean these people had it coming
that's literally the point so dog
whistles in general can be defeated you
just have to know what they are and then
you ignore everything else they say and
you focus on that because you're not
trying to convince that person nobody
gets their mind changed in an Internet
debate but the people reading it do the
other people do you might be able to
reach one of them you might be able to
save one of them from going down some
racist road engage those dog whistles
every chance you get and you forget
about everything else in that comment it
doesn't matter what they call you ignore
it just focus on that dog
you destroy those pillars those things
that hold up the rest of the ideology
those things that are so commonly
believed that everybody can recognize
them you destroy those and that ideology
comes falling down anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night